I'm trying to make sure the table is
fully set for us to have this like
engaging communicative experience and
like yes you're trying to keep me from
putting your freaking silverware on the
table right now and all I want to do is
put the silverware on the [__] table
right right right right yeah
intellectually that's where you are the
way it's being received
is someone's trying to control
me hey everybody it's Joe Hudson and
welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explored living the life you
want with enjoyment and ease and today
we have a very special episode I did a
coaching session with a woman and it
just was really impactful it was all
about uh not feeling heard and listening
and uh really helping her find out what
it is uh that is preventing her from
really feeling heard in her work and in
her life and it relates so much to the
last episode we did on an on week not
one of our off Week episodes and so it
just was really important and
unfortunately I screwed up I uh I
pressed some wrong buttons and I messed
up the microphone and so the sound
quality is really poor and normally we
would never um release something with
bad sound quality because we just want
to treat the audience with more care
than that and so we would re-record it
but uh unfortunately we can't re-record
this there's no way this is kind of a
once in a-lifetime thing and we thought
it was so special that we are um
releasing it with poor sound quality so
if you're an audio file apologies it's
going to be a little bit painful uh and
and just understand it was something
that we didn't want to do as far as
sound quality but we thought it was so
important and special that we we were
gonna release this thing anyhow okay so
enjoy and um I hope you get a lot out of
it hi hey how you doing good so what's
up I I I know nothing except for your
name yeah um so my name is Savannah and
what I was hoping to talk about today is
um I would like to uh do better with
feeling misunderstood so when I make all
attempts and use the best communication
hygiene I possibly can and the other
party seems determined to take different
meaning than what I'm
giving
um I struggle a lot with that in many
areas of my life whether that's
professionally in my relationship in
interpersonal
relationships um so I think that's kind
of what I would like to to talk through
today yeah what
what
um the the the first question that comes
to mind is what's the problem with being
misunderstood um well I tend to fall all
over myself to try to uh correct that
misunderstanding because if I'm trying
to communicate with someone it's because
I want them to understand what I'm
saying so if I'm making every effort to
communicate with someone then yeah um
and and that's not happening then that's
a huge problem for me and I feel a lot
of distress around that and then I feel
like what yeah so so what
if okay somebody doesn't understand you
and you don't fall over yourself to try
to get them to understand you what what
what's what would happen then for
you
um a whole lot of anxiety um like
building myself into a Panic Room of
concrete blocks of anxiety um okay and
then if you fall all over yourself and
they don't understand you my guess is
that the more you fall over yourself the
harder it is to understand you it's
typically how it works so if you fall
all over yourself and then they don't
understand you what what's the
difference
there
um well if I'm falling all over myself
I'm at least still trying so that still
gives me the illusion of control or a
sense of being able to impact the
situation outside of like okay I shot my
shot and it missed and guess it's time
to go do something else that feels
terrible when I'm interacting with
someone that I care about or there's an
outcome that I'm trying to reach
um I I want to feel like there's always
something I can still do what makes it
your job to be understood what makes it
not my job to try to understand
you um
well I feel like it's my job to make
sure that I'm expressing myself in a way
that's clear um and it's my job to make
sure that when I'm trying to communicate
with someone I'm doing so in a way here
to
who uh to who specifically um I mean
whether that would be
communicate something in a way that's
clear to 20% of the people unclear to
80% of the people I might say the exact
same thing in a slightly different way
and then it's clear to 30% of the people
but not 70% of the people like who who
who are you supposed
to um respons
clear
so I would I mean if I'm having a
conversation and this is an
interpersonal interaction I would like
to be clear with the other person I'm
having that conversation with if I'm in
a professional setting and I'm go ahead
control you over
that I like to think I have a lot of
control over it I can choose my words I
can choose my tone but I yeah you you
cly don't though
right yeah but I hate
that yeah [__] a right I
to but but if we're just facing reality
what it what's the reality like how much
control do you have over somebody
understanding you right they might face
you in their Prejudice because you're
wearing a green shirt or because you
have glasses on or because you're a
woman or because of the color of makeup
you have and they're just never going to
be able to hear anything you [__]
have to say that's a possibility the
other possibility is that your body
processor and they're a head processor
and so you speak from your body and they
speak from their head and like there's
just no way that thing is going to
happen it also might be that they don't
want to understand you that that's
inconvenient for them in their truth and
so they're just like yeah I mean for
instance right now somebody is listening
to this podcast and they're like I can't
understand what the [__] Joe is saying
that is happening and like so so and if
we look at it just with reality what is
the reality what how much control do you
actually have over people's capacity to
understand
you I guess I have no control over other
people's capacity for anything let alone
to understand me but I feel like there
are aspects of the interaction that I
can control
um and when I control all of those
variables that I can and I still get no
part of any understanding it's like what
the right okay so let's just assume I
had no idea what you just said I don't
[__] understand at all the thing that
you just
said I want you to make it my
responsibility to understand you how
would you do
that
okay
so if you are in a
situation and you are trying to express
something and the other person doesn't
seem to be picking up on that how would
that make you
feel okay how much of that was you
taking responsibility from me
understanding and how much of that was
you taking responsibility from my
understanding I guess probably all of it
because I was trying to be like a guide
to get you to get to where we want to be
yeah just great now let's try it with
none none you totally putting the O the
the the the the the responsibility of
understanding on
me okay um like look look at me in the
eyes think to
yourself this dude is a [__]
professional coach he should absolutely
[__] understand me and if he can't
that's his [__] problem like think
that
right and then what do you
say I'm yeah so I'm communicating with
you in a way that is clear even and uh
with very specific words um I'm hoping
that as a an intelligent human being you
are listening with open ears and can uh
at least grock some of my
meaning yeah that that's
like not that's almost like say like
it's almost defensive when I yeah so
without defense just like this is your
responsibility how do you do that I
can't that's that's why I'm here so I'm
a pendulum I'm like either I'm gonna
guide you or I'm gonna figure out well
you better freaking understand man and I
that's not
effective yeah so what is it that I'm
saying right now that doesn't make sense
to
you nothing that you're saying doesn't
make sense I just don't want to think
that there's nothing I can do to force
people to understand what I'm saying so
yeah
so so I just made you fully responsible
for understanding
me um do it
again okay what is it that you're not
understanding about what I'm
saying and now notice notice what got
revealed when you said it the first time
when you didn't know the experiment was
happening what you said
was
nothing I just don't want to believe
this
thing which probably the case with most
of the people when you're trying to
explain something to them
and
yeah so they're not receiving it as you
don't understand me they're receiving it
as I don't want to believe you I don't
want to be convinced I don't want to be
controlled and the more you try to
control the more they feel controll the
more you you're just trying to control
that they understand you they're just
feeling it as someone's trying to
control me [__] off right yeah so I look
at it as like I'm trying to make sure
the table is fully set for us to have
this like engaging communicative
experience and like yes you're trying to
keep me from putting your freaking
silver rare on the table right now and
all I want to do is put the silverware
on the [__] table right right right
right yeah intellectually that's where
you are the way it's being received is
someone's trying to control
me is that when someone tool you how do
you respond well I hate
that yeah you do you listen
better I listen
differently when someone's trying to
control me I listen differently um I
listen in ways to figure out what
they're actually trying to get rather
than what is actually happening right so
now go to the last big time when you
felt really
misunderstood put yourself in the other
person's
position and tell me how they were
listening to
you they were listening to me in a
really defensive
way um in a way that was a lot more
focused on protecting their ego than
coming to a collaborative
understanding yeah
and how is it that you're not protecting
your ego by needing to be
understood how is that not also
protection of the
ego if all so the short answer is of
course it's protecting my ego but the
long answer
is in order to interact as like a fully
like present embodied human being my ego
is present as well it's part of me I
can't just exist without that so um to
have like for me I feel like to have a a
direction and um like a coherency to
know what I'm saying is it is it ego to
make sure that that is we're we're
talking about I'm we're not saying drop
ego okay we talked about protecting your
your words were protecting protecting
yeah so okay there ego you needing to be
heard is protecting my ego yeah if you
allow your ego but don't protect
it what would you say you notice that
somebody's not grocking you not
understanding you you're like oh I don't
need to protect my
ego what do you
say I don't think it ever occurred to me
that I was protecting my ego in these
situations yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm also
noticing that when I ask you a couple
questions you'll go into your head for a
minute but you you process a crap ton
through your body from what I see so let
let's actually try that let's just okay
so I'm gonna ask you the same question
and then I want you to instead of going
to your head like go into your whole
body for the answer and the question is
how you notice somebody isn't
understanding you and you're like oh I
refuse to protect my ego
and I can't deny this person doesn't
understand what I'm
saying what's your what do you say in in
that situation if you out of your head
body wholebody wholebody um okay uh so
so what are you getting from what I'm
saying yeah
wow
yeah seems like a really open-ended way
to approach that like because ultimately
what I want to do is get past egos on
both sides and get to where we can get
to the stuff right yeah yeah yeah I see
what I notice is there's almost two
levels of hurt when when someone doesn't
understand you the first level of hurt
is that you don't feel understood the
second level of hurt is like I would say
that you don't feel
like the goodness in which you bring is
being recognized bro how can you see me
like that that's exactly
right
yeah like I'm coming into this with
truly good intentions with seeking
understanding and like you know
communication and connection really oh
my God that's what it is I'm seeking
connection and when people are choosing
to misunderstand me it's like they're
saying no we're not they are saying yeah
I'm I'm not connecting with you and that
hurts or or they're saying I don't feel
safe enough to connect right now
[Music]
o
but how can I create uh okay it's not my
job to create a feeling of safety for
them but also at the same time if I'm
working towards um something where like
it's not just about how I feel it's
about how they feel like I want to make
sure someone feels safe when we're
communicating even and especially if
it's about a difficult
topic yeah how do I do that
without how did you just do it you just
did it
stop how do I set up a situation where
we can both feel safe communicating
about this sensitive
topic okay so interestingly in this uh
in this situation I have in my mind that
that was a major like you just like
speed bumped something really like you
were like oh my God I like and then you
saw it and then you went well so go
ahead sorry yeah yeah so
if I'm talk if I I'm just just to point
this out if I'm talking to
you and I don't see you fully digest
what I'm saying I'm probably not going
to feel so safe I don't me as a person I
don't care but most people are going to
feel like oh she just bowed right over
that thing that was my main big point
that I want to feel Hur I don't feel
heard I don't feel
safe mhm
what what made you not like digest that
moment
completely so it reminded me of a moment
that like fits this exactly in which I
tried to come at it in that way by
saying hey what can we do to make sure
we both feel heard here um and that okay
say that say that same thing to me four
times and each time you do it I want you
to do it from a different place in your
head one protecting your ego one not
protecting your ego
one with
like uh vulnerability and one with a big
piece of armor in front of
you okay let's start with the armor and
then slowly take things off um so armor
would be like I'm talking to you do
you what why aren't you hearing what I'm
saying
same exact words I want the ex same
exact words oh okay okay um so armor
what can I do to make sure that we uh
both feel like we can be heard right
now
great um and then I guess a little bit
of vulnerability would be
like no a [__] ton of vulnerability
okay um okay then I'm going to do the
ego ones first because I got to go
descending so so um protecting my ego
would be like what what can I do to make
sure that that we both feel heard in
this
situation yeah that's great both of
those two make my skin want to crawl I'm
[__] out the
door yeah um put on my best HR lady hat
for those um my so then not protecting
my ego would be
like what can we do to make sure that we
both feel hurt in this
situation
there's just a desperation coming
through and then I guess just full
vulnerability would be
like
H what what can I do to make sure that
we both feel heard in this
situation yeah I want you want you to
try one more which is just I want you to
be like fully upright in
yourself and no it's not your
responsibility
and sa it from that place no ego no
defense
just what can we do to make sure that we
both feel hurt in this
situation right so those five ways are
going to get you five different
responses and you can listen to this
afterwards but you could probably map
how much you're chasing for my
understanding and how much I'm backing
the [__]
away right yeah
yeah it's this weird thing you want to
be understood but the more you chase it
the less it it
happens [__] totter than [__]
right that's that's the first B and then
but there's another thing which is like
How Deeply are you listening to
yourself so I have a tendency to fully
abandon myself when I'm in acting with
someone else because I want them to me
again and listen to yourself just 10%
more same thing just but listen to
yourself 10% more as you're
saying which thing the thing I just said
about having a tendency yeah okay
actually I don't give a [__] what you
say you can just just yourself 10%
more yeah I have a tendency to fully
abandon myself when I'm trying to
interact or make sure that I'm
understood in
communication
yeah yeah so even if they're not
listening to your words if they're just
deeply empathetic people they're also
going to be abandoning you when you're
speaking right if I'm really empathetic
and somebody's scared I'm going to start
getting
scared that is not required if you're
empathetic but most people when they're
empathetic someone's scared I'm scared
someone gets angry you know what I mean
like there's some way someone goes
you're doing something wrong they go I'm
doing something wrong they take on the
thing so deeply empathetic people are
going to be taking on this abandonment
of you because it's what you're
doing I think I struggle to stay with
myself in a way that is not protecting
my
ego um it didn't when all you did was
listen to 10% more it looked like there
was no struggle
just so tell me if you just listen to
yourself 10% more tell me how much of a
struggle it
is like like tell me about tell me about
um your favorite thing in the world but
just listen to yourself 10% more while
you're doing
it um my very favorite thing in the
world is teaching people how to swim um
I love to work with kids and adults
especially if they're afraid of the
water hard how hard was
that not hard at all yeah but that was
easy because it's a topic that I like
and I care about so it's easy for me to
like not abandon myself in that ask me
about you know how you don't care
about I'm sorry will you say that again
what makes you talk about things you
don't care
about
um capitalism my job forces me to do
that all of the time um
but also I mean not I don't share a
brain with everyone I interact with
sometimes they're going to want to talk
about things that aren't interesting to
me or I don't care about or maybe then
he
just no I care about them so I'm gonna
have the
conversation well listening is part of
the conversation
yeah oh yeah and I guess if I'm part of
the conversation then I should listen to
myself
too yeah seems fake I don't know
you want other people to listen to you
when you're not listening to
yourself I feel like I'm in my head so
much that I already know what I'm saying
I already know what I'm trying to get
across so I'm more attuned to how other
people you just don't know how you're
doing
it yeah I guess it's the listening when
we just did that experiment of five
things and you're like I've done exactly
that before and it's how but how you're
doing it is the important piece and
communication it's
everything if I was if I was doing this
conversation with you and I was
like we would be having a very different
[__]
conversation right yeah that's true the
state mind is what
determines is the best determined of how
we're going to be listened
to yeah and also like how I'm expressing
myself because I can think that I'm
expressing myself one way and if I am in
a completely different state of mind and
not in tune with that then I'm coming
off really different than how I think I
am correct and I'll just say that
the the that if you start trying to
figure out how you come across
cross then it can go really sideways
really
quick if you just listen to yourself it
all just works
out right so if you start strategizing
about how to talk in a way that somebody
will listen the emotional content of
your conversation is I am trying to
control you oh if you listen to yourself
while you're talking the emotional
content is I am listening
I am here with you I am present with you
which makes people feel safe it also
turns out to make you feel safe because
as you listen to yourself you start
speaking from
safety
interesting so that makes a lot of sense
um but I'm wondering how this ties into
like written
communication
um so how can I make sure that in
written communication like for instance
say uh I might be having a disagreement
with uh people that are related to me in
another state and there's they will not
take my phone calls they will not engage
in any other way except for by
writing how can
I like
that it's really hard for me to cope
with like being misunderstood in writing
like the meaning is right [__] there
you are looking at words and taking
something that is not written and that's
how and like my body language isn't a
factor my tone I guess my tone could
still be a factor but
like yeah writing's a trick but the but
the thing is the same like How Deeply
are you listening to yourself when
you're even contemplating writing to
them how much are you you listening to
yourself when you even decide if you
want to write to them or want to be
heard by
them how much are you listening to
yourself while you're writing it how
much when you're writing it are you like
oh I'm going to say it this way and this
way so that I can get this kind of or
that kind of a response or like how much
are it's the same
principle in the instance that I'm think
nobody can make feel listen to but
you
well I don't like that um is the
problem [__] right yeah it
sucks
but I I think that I have this secret
belief yeah let me ask you a
question think about the the
politician think about a politician and
a famous One any famous politician
and
how much are
people listening to them getting
them understanding
them they're they're not but like
politics is all strategy because you
like it's all about the tone or what
you're wearing or like where you people
happen to see you speak so it's all
about the external stuff and almost
nothing about the
content yeah and all of our politicians
are hated more and more than ever like
that's that's the result
of the
strategy would you say that nonviolent
communication is like a strategy in that
way so if you
are be taken strategy for sure it
doesn't have to be nav communication is
is quite lovely but I've seen people
Strate use it as a strategy for
sure and it immediately stops working
when they use it as a strategy it
immediately stops
working yeah when it's a state of mind
and a
vulnerability you know it's like when
we're teaching our view course which is
all about communication we're like our
strategy our our technique part of it is
like two sentences because it's all
about the State of
Mind
[Applause]
interesting so there's some there's
there's something just a little bit
deeper I want to see if we can touch on
which is
um
what would be required for you what
would you have to see understand
fully what would you have to hear
fully so that it would be impossible for
you to um chase people to listen to you
ever
again um so I guess from someone whose
opinion that I valued it would be
helpful to hear like wow you communicate
so clearly you you know exactly what
you're trying to say
and
um you express it in a way that uh
someone has to intentionally work to
misunderstand
you someone said that and I valued their
opinion enough I'd be like everyone else
can [__] off Infinity like this is
it yeah
um I have not had any problem
understanding
you to the point that you said bro how
do you see me like
that that's true
yeah you I don't know if you respect me
but I mean I do I do and and it that is
that's helpful I don't think anybody on
this pod anybody listen well I'm sure
there's some but very few people on the
podcast listening would not understand
what's happening they might not want to
hear it they might not want to listen
but they like they get what you're
saying and they got annoyed they were
more likely to be annoyed when you
weren't listening to
yourself it's weird that other people
could pick up on that before I can but
I'm sure that that's totally the case
absolutely well yeah same you can pick
usually pick up on it people before they
can as a matter of fact when you feel
unlistened to it's probably a really
good signal that they're not listening
to
themselves so I'm like running through
this scenario in my head the one that
like all of this is around and uh each
time you say something I'm like oh let's
put it through that filter um and yeah
um so now now Beyond communicating like
how can I like if if I'm communicating
in a clear way what can I do to help
people
if they're not if they don't want to
understand
me how like it's not I guess my question
was going to be how can I make what I
say palatable for them but it's not my
job to do that so how can I
communicate me what makes it what what
makes you not want to understand me oh
yeah but that feels almost like an
accusation okay what makes you not
understand me
or how's this conversation going for you
right
now or how would you how can I
communicate with you in a way that that
that you might like that would be better
for you the way that you operate
or but I don't really I don't think
really any of it's
necessary you're TR the the obsession is
still the
same the you're trying to figure out
them and the control rather than figure
out how to listen to
yourself so even in that moment ask that
question but listen to yourself
fully see if you can even ask it
yeah how can I communicate this in a way
that feels good to both of us that like
when I tuned back into myself that was
what came out yeah yeah but you were
like you were in yourself and then you
literally you went what well that
doesn't make
sense yeah so so wait until it makes
sense like if you're really listening to
yourself what's the
question if there is one
yeah so the real question
is how can how can we resolve this with
us both having such different
feelings that Beyond everything is the
question yeah look at that like makes me
want to
cry
yeah
yeah yeah all that's required is you
listening to
yourself
I want to believe that
um you stopped listening to
yourself I for the parts that I can
control I believe that
um but I don't wait hold still listen to
yourself like I'm happy to have the
conversation with you but I'm gonna call
you out when you like when you run out
and try to like manage the world and
you're not in
yourself whatever you want to say from
the place of being in yourself because
now I'm I'm with you you can't by the
way you can't [__] be seen or heard
when you're not in yourself how could I
ever see you're not
you you're running away from yourself to
manage me that's like I can't how could
I see you in that it's
impossible yeah it's not me
yeah it is
scary it's [__]
scary yeah yeah no no way around that to
fully listen to yourself is a scary
thing you would think it wouldn't be
because I feel like I Know Myself pretty
damn well you think you would
[Laughter]
think yeah not the case it honestly it
it's interesting because it makes me
think about when I'm afraid to ask for
something from someone that I care about
um like turns out I'm even afraid to
listen to my own self to see what I even
need yeah that's right that's right it's
right the deeper thing is is that you
the deeper thing which we can't go into
today but this is in this is the answer
to that is that you think you're you got
taught sometime in an early time that
your happiness was dependent on other
people's reactions and the person whose
reaction you thought your happiness was
dependent on was having reactions for
reasons that were completely not about
you whether it's like alcohol or mental
illness or or blood sugar or you know
what I mean there was some something
that was and you weren't in control of
it and so your whole lesson in life when
you were young was how do I find my
happiness by trying to make them happy
and I can't really make them
happy that's the deeper thing that's
happening
M yeah and the answer to all of it is
how do I listen to
myself seems fake that it's so
simple
yep
[Music]
yeah how do I listen to myself
better yeah you just changed
it better is just a way to
please it's just like maybe it's not
even how do I listen to It's just like
oh you know I'm
listening or how how do I listen
now I just got like a Fraser Crane in my
head uh I'm listening that's what I I
gota be my own Fraser crane yeah that's
right okay you know what that's actually
easier to imagine in my head um than
like my own self listening like yeah
okay I'm gonna be my own Fraser
crane yeah in like the best way not in a
shitty
way also the other thing is you could
receive my
listening that's
true some everybody who's responding to
you is listening to you on some
level you don't choose to see that part
you choose to see the part in which they
don't see you or don't hear
you but like right now I know it's a
weird thing to say but just try it out
right now focus on my listening to
you okay notice how it feels a lot like
listening to yourself like there's like
a there's a quality to it kind of
expansive slows things down a little bit
awareness becomes more front and
center yeah there's not like an outcome
in mind it's just like you pay attention
to the details more that's right
yeah one of the things when we teach is
to let go of outcomes we call it
impartiality but it is to let go of the
outcomes and that usually makes for much
better outcomes as it turn oddly turns
out
yeah so what makes it what makes it that
you can't let this be easy it's just
like this one little itty Simple Thing
listen to myself which makes life more
enjoyable every moment I do it what
makes it not what makes you not allow it
to be that easy
oh what makes you not listen to the fact
that your body already knows it's that
easy well my brain has spent like 33
years um tying knots around itself and
like figuring out ways to exist and
listening to myself was never one of
those ways so cool then let's do
something cool let's do something real
quick I want your
listening to speak to your
brain what does it have to say I know
it's a weird one but just put your ATT
you're listening listen to yourself put
your attention on that and then let that
speak to your
brain bro my listening is exasperated
turns out um just a brief checkin lets
me know that my listening is exasperated
with my brain uh brain goes all the time
zoomy zoomy so many that and I can't
help but think that that's part of why I
can't listen to myself there's so much
um I am neurod Divergent so heavy on the
ADHD um so I'm constantly Making
Connections having like half imagined
metaphors in my head
um I feel like listening to myself would
be exhausting is that why people can't
understand me am I
exhausting little
bit okay little bit okay all right good
to
know okay we're gonna integrate that and
feel fine about
it I am too I don't have a
problem yeah that makes
sense yeah it just happened did you see
that it just all happened really
naturally
M you just without even trying without
even the thought I need to listen to
myself you just naturally tuned in
checked in with yourself felt
yourself
y you didn't even have to remind
yourself to do it it just happened you
got a taste of it and less than five
minutes again your body knew what to do
and did
it
mhm that's so interesting and weird
being a human is
weird tell me piloting a meat suit
there's so many different parts no one
gave me the manual for
this nope I just
P anytime you're feeling unheard and
generally in any time just listen to
yourself just spend couple moments
listening pretty soon it just becomes a
way of
life do you think that journaling at the
end of each day is a great way to like
ritualize listening to
yourself yeah it's great it's a great
way and also just listening to yourself
if you want a hack there's just a
there's a simple hack which
is right now while we're sitting here
just put your attention in your inner
ear so I'll have to do is put your
attention your ear I'll talk and that
that's it that's all you have to
do super
easy seems
fake I like to make things very
complicated and I don't trust when
they're
simple
yeah
yeah and that also makes it hard to
listen to
you
MH makes it hard for you to listen to
yourself which is all the same thing
just at that
boom that's interesting and when I like
tune in to myself I feel
um so sometimes when I feel anxious I
get a lot of tension in my chest um and
even when I don't feel anxious it's not
that I feel the tension but when I tune
in to myself and I'm conscious of
it it's like I
feel like my chest is
floating yeah yeah like it's not even
just like the absence of tension it's
like
helium yeah wow yeah that simple
yeah people can just bre this yeah yeah
yeah that's my
[Music]
reality
wow
[Music]
man that's
cool like I'm like digesting it
all awesome thank you thank you thank
you yeah thanks so much what a
pleasure